serverless to 4-7 (#1121)
openshift-labs/learn-katacoda: developing-on-openshift/serverless/01-prepare.md

[serverless-install-script]: https://github.com/openshift-labs/learn-katacoda/blob/master/developing-on-openshift/serverless/assets/01-prepare/install-serverless.bash

> [olm-docs]: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/operators/olm-adding-operators-to-cluster.html

Reviewer: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/operators/olm-adding-operators-to-cluster.html
404 not found. update this url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[olm-docs]: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/operators/understanding/olm/olm-understanding-olm.html
```

Author: thanks! should be fixed now

>
> **Tip:** *You can find more information on how to add operators on the [OpenShift OLM Documentation Page][olm-docs].*

> Next, install the Serverless Operator into the `openshift-operators` project.  We choose the update channel of `4.7` to match the OpenShift Container Platform version that we are using.

Reviewer: This is updated now.  the update channel `4.7` would work, but `stable` is recommended by the docs now (and will be less updating later down the road).

https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.7/html/serverless/administration-guide#installing-openshift-serverless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, install the Serverless Operator into the `openshift-operators` project.  We choose the update channel of `stable`.
```

Author: fixed
